---
published: true
---
## BTWin(Decathlon releases a bike that you can build yourself)

BTWin, the bicycle arm for Decathlon Sports has come up with an innovative idea of shipping the bike that is made to assemble very easily without much experience. Targetted at a first time bike owner, it s a single speed (No Gears) bike made of Plastic+Steel composite frame and Series 700 hybrid tyres at just Rs. 4499. 


On its blog, decathlon has mentioned that this will be a limited edition bike with only 250items in stock. A last few pieces are still available online at the time of writing this post

## Why
What got me interested in the bike is that give its easy assembly process, I can take it to my trips easily. No more bike bags or bulky containers. However, what later turned out to be a deal breaker for me is that its 17KG in weight -- Not at all portable
However The assembly steps are details and they have made decathlon style (Silent) video out of it. Check it out

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHyLbdaBfjg" frameborder="0"> </iframe>

# What
Decathlon advertises this to be an beginner level all terrain bike. The Bike ships in entirely non-assembled state and comes with an allen key and a spanner. Thats all you need to assemble the bike. Let me write down the specs taht I could make out:
Size: M (65-75)
Frame: Plastic/Metal Composite ( The fork is held by a plstic part. infact thats what makes it easy to assemble)
Type: 700 series
Suitable for: City and mild off road ( as per specs)
Brakes: Front () and Rear (Drum)
Price: 4499 INR